c:\users\honza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sudoku 3\Sudoku 3\bin\Debug\Sudoku 3.exe.config
c:\users\honza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sudoku 3\Sudoku 3\bin\Debug\Sudoku 3.exe
c:\users\honza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sudoku 3\Sudoku 3\bin\Debug\Sudoku 3.pdb
c:\users\honza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sudoku 3\Sudoku 3\obj\Debug\Sudoku 3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\honza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sudoku 3\Sudoku 3\obj\Debug\Sudoku_3.Form1.resources
c:\users\honza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sudoku 3\Sudoku 3\obj\Debug\Sudoku_3.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\honza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sudoku 3\Sudoku 3\obj\Debug\Sudoku 3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\honza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sudoku 3\Sudoku 3\obj\Debug\Sudoku 3.exe
c:\users\honza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sudoku 3\Sudoku 3\obj\Debug\Sudoku 3.pdb
C:\Users\Honza\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sudoku 3\Sudoku 3\obj\Debug\Sudoku_3.Settings.resources
C:\Users\blaha\Desktop\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sudoku 3\Sudoku 3\bin\Debug\Sudoku 3.exe.config
C:\Users\blaha\Desktop\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sudoku 3\Sudoku 3\bin\Debug\Sudoku 3.exe
C:\Users\blaha\Desktop\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sudoku 3\Sudoku 3\bin\Debug\Sudoku 3.pdb
C:\Users\blaha\Desktop\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sudoku 3\Sudoku 3\obj\Debug\Sudoku 3.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\blaha\Desktop\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sudoku 3\Sudoku 3\obj\Debug\Sudoku_3.Form1.resources
C:\Users\blaha\Desktop\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sudoku 3\Sudoku 3\obj\Debug\Sudoku_3.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\blaha\Desktop\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sudoku 3\Sudoku 3\obj\Debug\Sudoku_3.Settings.resources
C:\Users\blaha\Desktop\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sudoku 3\Sudoku 3\obj\Debug\Sudoku 3.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\blaha\Desktop\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sudoku 3\Sudoku 3\obj\Debug\Sudoku 3.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\blaha\Desktop\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sudoku 3\Sudoku 3\obj\Debug\Sudoku 3.exe
C:\Users\blaha\Desktop\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sudoku 3\Sudoku 3\obj\Debug\Sudoku 3.pdb
